===============================
Creating and Modifying Exhibits
===============================

The Libraries currently uses Spotlight for exhibit curation.  This document will explain how to create a new exhibit
with the features that are currently in use.



----------------------
Item and Item Curation
----------------------

-----------------------------
Standard Features and Widgets
-----------------------------

Heading
=======

This adds an :code:`<h2/>`with an embedded :code:`<p/>` with text to the screen.

Text
====

This adds a block for text in :code:`<p/>` tags.

List
====

This adds an unordered list.

Quote
=====

This adds a block quote.

IFRAME
======

This allows you to embed an :code:`<iframe/>` to pull content from another website.

Video
=====

This allows you to add a :code:`<video/>` canvas that points at a video file or a youtube video.

Embed + Text
============

This widget embeds a web resource and a text block to the left or right of it.

Horizontal Rule
===============

Adds a horizontal divider to a page.

Uploaded Item Row
=================

This widget displays uploaded items in a horizontal row. Optionally, you can add a heading and/or text to be displayed adjacent to the items. 

---------------------------------
Exhibit Item Features and Widgets
---------------------------------

Browse Categories
=================

This widget highlights browse categories. Each highlighted category links to the corresponding browse category results page. 

Requires browse configuration.

Browse Group Categories
=======================

This widget displays all browse categories associated with a selected browse group as a horizontally-scrolling row. Each selected browse group is displayed as a separate row. Each displayed category in a group links to the corresponding browse category results page. 

Requires browse configuration.

Saved Searches
==============

This widget highlights saved searches. Each highlighted saved search links to the search results page generated by the saved search parameters. Any saved search listed on the Curation > Browse Categories page, whether published or not, can be highlighted as a saved search. 

Requires exhibit-specific search fields.

Pages
=====

This widget highlights pages from this exhibit. Each highlighted item links to the corresponding page. 

Item Row
========

This widget displays exhibit items in a horizontal row. Optionally, you can add a heading and/or text to be displayed adjacent to the items. 

Item Carousel
=============

This widget displays exhibit items in a carousel. You can configure the item captions, how the images are cycled, and the size of the carousel. 

Item Embed
==========

This widget embeds exhibit items on a page. Optionally, you can add a heading and/or text to be displayed adjacent to the items. 

Item Slideshow
==============

This widget displays exhibit items in a static slideshow. The user will move between items in the slideshow using the field you select as the primary caption. 

Item Grid
=========

This widget displays exhibit items in a multi-row grid. Optionally, you can add a heading and/or text to be displayed adjacent to the items. 

Search results
==============

This widget displays a set of search results on a page. Specify a search result set by selecting an existing browse category. You can also select the view types that are available to the user when viewing the result set. 

------------
TAMU Widgets
------------

WYSIWYG
=======

Adds a WYSIWYG editor so you don't need many elements listed above.